TeTeT VWV/mods/tech/vwv USS Bon Homme Richard CVA-31/README.md, before:

# DCS-Essex
Essex class carrier CVA-31 Bon Homme Richard for DCS.

The model is based on a mod by karla for IL-2 1946: https://www.sas1946.com/main/index.php/topic,46424.0.html

It has been brought to Arma 3 by NightIntruder and myself: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2536035098

* Odyseus has updated the original model and develops it further.
* TheSn4k3 provided the catapult shuttle and wire.
* ColeMinor supplied the lights textures.
* NodUnit for numerous modeling and texturing advice.

Thanks to Joey45, Admiral189, Tobsen and Hawkeye60 for all the help and advice on getting this boat afloat in DCS.

Thanks to Sidekick65 for the screenshots, check out his youtube channel at https://www.youtube.com/@Sidekick65

Final thanks to Citizen, seabat, toan, and Zabbie, testers and contributors of the mod.

The carrier will be published in the Vietnam War Vessels mod, https://github.com/tspindler-cms/tetet-vwv

References:
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Bon_Homme_Richard_(CV-31) 
* https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:USS_Bon_Homme_Richard_(CV-31)
* https://www.navsource.org/archives/02/31.htm
* https://www.navysite.de/cv/cv31.htm
* http://www.gonavy.jp/CV-CV31f.html
* https://www.seaforces.org/usnships/cv/CV-31-USS-Bon-Homme-Richard.htm


KNOWN ISSUES
* The collision shell is not optimized
* The island has gaps in between meshes
* The trail marking is suspended in thin air
* The IFLOLS is not fully operational
* The AA guns are not working
* BDA between CVA-31 and planes happen all times on launch and landing

Commit message:

All     - Add Creative Commons License (CC-BY-NC-SA)   F-8 Crusader     - Various updates     - Add vapour file     - Version bump, formatting of entry.lua     - Prefix name with vwv_, change livery dirs, make flyable again     - Fix damage.lua script     - Add f_8_crusader_glass_blu.dds to crusader.zip   MiG-17F "Fresco-C"     - Remove F4E OVERWING_VAPOR effect     - Fix various errors from dcs.log   P 4 Torpedo Boat     - Remove old spec file from 5km lod     - Use correct sensor definition   PBR MkII Patrol Boat     - Use correct sensor definition   CVA-31 Bon Homme Richard     - Use correct sensor definition   Maddox     - Use correct sensor definition

TeTeT VWV/mods/tech/vwv USS Bon Homme Richard CVA-31/README.md, after:

# Essex class carrier CVA-31 Bon Homme Richard for DCS.

This mod is released under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike license, see LICENSE.md for details

The model is based on a mod by karla for IL-2 1946: https://www.sas1946.com/main/index.php/topic,46424.0.html

It has been brought to Arma 3 by NightIntruder and myself: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2536035098

* Odyseus has updated the original model and develops it further.
* TheSn4k3 provided the catapult shuttle and wire.
* ColeMinor supplied the lights textures.
* NodUnit for numerous modeling and texturing advice.

Thanks to Joey45, Admiral189, Tobsen and Hawkeye60 for all the help and advice on getting this boat afloat in DCS.

Thanks to Sidekick65 for the screenshots, check out his youtube channel at https://www.youtube.com/@Sidekick65

Final thanks to Citizen, seabat, toan, and Zabbie, testers and contributors of the mod.

The carrier will be published in the Vietnam War Vessels mod, https://github.com/tspindler-cms/tetet-vwv

References:
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Bon_Homme_Richard_(CV-31) 
* https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:USS_Bon_Homme_Richard_(CV-31)
* https://www.navsource.org/archives/02/31.htm
* https://www.navysite.de/cv/cv31.htm
* http://www.gonavy.jp/CV-CV31f.html
* https://www.seaforces.org/usnships/cv/CV-31-USS-Bon-Homme-Richard.htm


KNOWN ISSUES
* The collision shell is not optimized
* The island has gaps in between meshes
* The trail marking is suspended in thin air
* The IFLOLS is not fully operational
* The AA guns are not working
* BDA between CVA-31 and planes happen all times on launch and landing
